Update docs for GDScript 2.0 (#3623)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.rst

::

    # Everything after "#" is a comment.

    # A file is a class!

    # Inheritance:
    extends BaseClass

    # (optional) class definition:

>     class_name myclass

Reviewer: Shouldn't it use PascalCase?

```suggestion
    class_name MyClass
```

        while param2 != 0:
            param2 -= 1

        match param3:

>             3: print("param3 is 3!")

Reviewer 2: This should be indented like the one below.

>         match param3:
>             3: print("param3 is 3!")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            3:
                print("param3 is 3!")
```

            _:
                print("param3 is not 3!")

        var local_var = param1 + 3
        return local_var

>     # Functions override functions with the same name on the base/super class.

Reviewer: Does this apply to built-in methods such as `_process()`? In 3.2, these are called automatically.

Author: Actually, I still need to disable the multilevel call in the code, but that is in the plan. I didn't do it on the main PR because it touches a bunch of code outside GDScript so it should be reviewed independently.

change the behavior.

For instance, you can use it to export a value to the editor::

    @export_range(1, 100, 1, "or_greater")
    var ranged_var: int = 50

Annotations can be specified one per line or all in the same line. They affect
the next statement that isn't an annotation. Annotations can have arguments sent
between parentheses and separated by commas.

Both of these are the same::

    @export_file("*.png")
    @remote
    var x

    @export_file("*.png") @remote var x

Here's the list of available annotations:

+------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Annotation**               | **Description**                                                                                   |
+------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``@tool``                    | Enable the `Tool mode`_.                                                                          |
+------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``@onready``                 | Defer initialization of variable until the node is in the tree, See `Onready annotation`_).       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``@onready``                 | Defer initialization of variable until the node is in the tree. See `Onready annotation`_.        |
```

+------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``@icon(path)``              | Set the class icon to show in editor. To be used together with the ``class_name`` keyword         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``@icon(path)``              | Set the class icon to show in editor. To be used together with the ``class_name`` keyword.        |
```

|                     | (hexadecimal, case-insensitive) |
+---------------------+---------------------------------+

Also, using ``\`` followed by a newline inside a string will allow you to continue it in the next line, without
inserting a newline character in the string itself.

GDScript also supports :ref:`doc_gdscript_printf`.

:ref:`StringName <class_StringName>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Immutable strings that allows only one instance of each name. They are slower to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An immutable string that allows only one instance of each name. They are slower to
```

> create and may result in waiting for locks when multithreading. But they are
> very fast to compare which makes good candidates for dictionary keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create and may result in waiting for locks when multithreading. In exchange, they're
very fast to compare, which makes them good candidates for dictionary keys.
```

2D vector type containing ``x`` and ``y`` fields. Can also be
accessed as an array.

:ref:`Vector2i <class_Vector2i>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Same as a Vector2 but the components are integers. Useful for representing

> items in a grid.

Reviewer: For consistency with the Vector3i description:

```suggestion
items in a 2D grid.
```

Referencing functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Functions are first-class items in terms of the Callable object. Referencing a
function by name without calling it will automatically generate the proper
callable. This can be used to pass functions as arguments.

::

    func map(arr: Array, function: Callable) -> Array:
        var result = []
        for item in arr:
            result.push_back(function.call(item))
        return result

    func add1(value: int) -> int:
        return value + 1;

    func _ready() -> void:
        var my_array = [1, 2, 3]
        var plus_one = map(my_array, add1)

>         print(plus_one) # Prints [2, 3, 4].

Reviewer 2: There should be 2 lines of space between those methods.

Author: Using two lines for separation on small doc snippets isn't helpful. I understand the style guide says so, but in small snippets it just looks off. That's why I asked an exception on documentation pages: https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/issues/3613#issuecomment-636367359

Reviewer 4: Yes, the style *guide* shouldn't *mandate* style.

    if entity is Enemy:
        entity.apply_damage()

To call a function in a *super class* (i.e. one ``extend``-ed in your current
class), user the ``super`` keyword::

    super(args)

This is especially useful because functions in extending classes replace
functions with the same name in their super classes. If you still want to
call them, you can use ``super``::

    func some_func(x):
        super(x) # Calls the same function on the super class.

If you need to call a different function from the super class, you can specify
the function name with the attribute operator::

    func overriding():
        return 0 # This overrides the method in the base class.

    func dont_override():

>         return super.overriding() # This calls the method as defined in the base class.

Reviewer 2: 2 lines of space here too.

    if entity is Enemy:
        entity.apply_damage()

To call a function in a *super class* (i.e. one ``extend``-ed in your current

> class), user the ``super`` keyword::

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
class), use the ``super`` keyword::
```

        print("User confirmed")
        return true

In this case, the ``wait_confirmation`` becomes a coroutine, which means that the caller also needs to await for it::

    func request_confirmation():
        print("Will ask the user")
        var confirmed = await wait_confirmation()
        if confirmed:
            print("User confirmed")
        else:
            print("User cancelled")

Note that requesting a coroutine's return value without ``await`` will trigger an error::

    func wrong():
        var confirmed = wait_confirmation() # Will give an error.

However, if you don't depend on the result, you can just call it asynchronously, which won't stop execution and won't
make the current function a coroutine::

    func okay():
        wait_confirmation()
        print("This will be printed immediately, before the user press the button.")

If you use await with an expression that isn't a signal nor a coroutine, the value will be returned immediately and the
function won't give the control back to the caller::

    func no_wait():
        var x = await get_five()
        print("This doesn't make this function a coroutine.")

    func get_five():

>         return 5

Reviewer 2: 2 lines of space.

This also means that returning a signal from a function that isn't a coroutine will make the caller await on that signal::

    func get_signal():
        return $Button.button_up

    func wait_button():
        await get_signal()

>         print("Button was pressed")

Reviewer 2: 2 lines of space.
